hello out there love spectators love
photographers it continues with one
practice tip here on the blog
and that's where we want to get in
the practice you already have
I saw a lot of things like myself
photographed here hotel room very
chic in budapest model and what had
I use camera of course but
a softbox with a plug-in flash
turn it on and on a tripod what
is the behind-the-wall behind this
light is what I really want
just suggest it is relative
simple and I have one here
Ancient photographers trick taken no
I did not invent it, even if I did
I would like to say so
I do not have I hide one
artificial light actually turns
here in this location a very
unpleasant or yes a very artificial
generate the artificial light course
would be considered a kind of chandelier as art
Light source around us anyway
exists if we umgucken times or
if we look at such hotels then
we could very well imagine
that is exactly where obendrüber this
sitting location where I just here me
located
actually a chandelier would be the
would shine down
And that's the trick, that's it
what I like to put to your heart
would you like to go out and try
your rise of not always somehow
on the motive to flash on it but
trying to shape the light in one
way that you naturally more
or less natural light though
Neighbors can use a chandelier in that way
a location is a certain way
natural light source and exactly this
I can therefore imitate light as
Photographer I do not choose to imitate
I can do that with lateral ones
Exposure with in flash somewhere pure
put with them directly with windows like
otherwise my whole light guide as
artificially staged light sat
is based on the
principle what we as humans around us
see around and what we as humans around
We are used to long tripods here
hung over the parapet and pressed by
above, this is crazy
high-contrast light and that 's me
able with a relatively small
Light source the softbox 60 centimeters
and is an up in it one
to take a picture sometimes even of
Whole room here is in a position
this this this artificial lightness
to hide
I have hard shadow here
contrasts
but they are set that way
somehow the entire room
uniformly undress my
They usually shadow me
they usually always interfere
are somehow disgusting in the picture so
take this blow city from the rise
The field path scans lightly or unfolds
or he is still there but he
is positioned differently and that would be the
second point of this videos because if you
not positioned and if it is
not ten meter light sources are then
you can play a bit and you can
can not always hide well or
Shadow hide well if you put it in
projected the ground
So the more shadows go into the ground
the less visible they are of course
then I get the problem out of the
Skull eyes and also the one to glare
contrast on the body but what can
I do I can he the model
Body with the head or with the body
posen and then me
hide the remaining contrasts
this is a very simple example
This bench has been this table where
I'm just sitting on it
with a side light wave one
extreme drop shadow on the other
throw aside if it is not from above
then comes one to one shade
under the table and I almost see it
Not at all two important aspects
Try it out does not need so much
factory has no giant lightning system
but we even have cls
so ignited on tickets so easy
hung up on now works out because
the 800 and let's go and we have
photographed at aperture four iso 100 and
1 52 exposure time and the flash was
I think even an eighth or one
quarter set in the performance
great pictures great location great
ideas hopefully try it out
imitate is desired or
I would also like feedback from you
got where you did not hide where
maybe you have other sources of light
imitated
b